README.md, before:

# To-Do list app
## Contents
- [Purpose](#purpose)
- [Wireframes](#wireframes)
- [User stories](#user-stories)
- [How was AI used?](#how-was-ai-used)
- [Database models](#database-models)
## Purpose
This web app is desighned for students to keep track of work by allowing them to list different tasks they need to complete.
## Wireframes

## User stories
- ### Must have:
    The web app must load in under 2 seconds and perform any acton from the user in under 0.5 seconds.

    The web app must notify the user when their input is proccessed and notify the user if it fails.
- ### Should have:
    The user should be able to input a due date for their homework tasks and be notified when a due date is close.

    The user should be able to organize their tasks into subjects to allow for easier navigation of the to do list items
- ### Could have:
    The web app could let the user modify the colours of sertain elements on the page.

    The user could recive some pionts for completing homework tasks early to promote the completion of work faster and to increace their motivation.
## How was AI used?
In my project, AI was used to debug and create code as well as decoding error messages. 
## Database models

Commit message:

add code sources section to README.md

README.md, after:

# To-Do list app
## Contents
- [Purpose](#purpose)
- [Wireframes](#wireframes)
- [User stories](#user-stories)
- [How was AI used?](#how-was-ai-used)
- [Code sources](#code-sources)
- [Database models](#database-models)
## Purpose
This web app is desighned for students to keep track of work by allowing them to list different tasks they need to complete.
## Wireframes

## User stories
- ### Must have:
    The web app must load in under 2 seconds and perform any acton from the user in under 0.5 seconds.

    The web app must notify the user when their input is proccessed and notify the user if it fails.
- ### Should have:
    The user should be able to input a due date for their homework tasks and be notified when a due date is close.

    The user should be able to organize their tasks into subjects to allow for easier navigation of the to do list items
- ### Could have:
    The web app could let the user modify the colours of sertain elements on the page.

    The user could recive some pionts for completing homework tasks early to promote the completion of work faster and to increace their motivation.
## How was AI used?
In my project, AI was used to debug and create code as well as decoding error messages. 
## Code sources
Some code was created through the help of educational websites such as W3 schools and stack overflow
## Database models
